---
layout: default
group: usage
permalink: /usage/sections/
---

To get started with Sections first checkout `_posts` directory. All sections of
this documentation are having separate folders. Each folder is having a `.md`
file for Section page and then articles belonging to the particular section.

### New Section

To create a new section:

* Open the file `./_data/navigation.yml` directory.
* Add this snippet to the already existing list.<br />

```
- name: section-name
  url: /section-url/
```
* Create a new folder with section name in `./_posts/` directory.
* Create a file named in the format `<YYYY-MM-DD-section-name>.md` in the
`./_posts/section-name/` directory.
* Open the file and write this snippet.
```
---
layout: default
group: section-name
permalink: /section-url/
---
```
* Now you can write Introduction to the Section or anything else you want on
Section page.

### List of articles

To show a list of articles or sub-sections while in a specific section:

* Go to `./_data/` directory.
* Create a new file `section-name.yml`.

###### This file will contain section name and url.

* Add the names in the list in the following format.

```
- name: sub-section-name
  url: /section-name/sub-section-name/
```

And now you'll see an additional Table under the previous one when you get into
this section.

### New article

To add a new article to already existing section:

* Go to `./_posts/section-name/` directory.
* Create a file named in the format `<YYYY-MM-DD-article-name>.md` in the
directory.
* Edit the file and on the top add the following snippet (modify it accordingly)
```
---
layout: default
group: section-name
permalink: /section-name/article-name/
---
